Hahaha oops
Breaking the world record
Oh, dear.
Lin Jianguo, you are not afraid of blowing the sky
He hasn't made any progress over the years.
You will only hit your face and make you fat
A loser like you!
Deserved to be abandoned by me
Deserving to be looked down upon by everyone
You have no right to say my dad
My dad is the best man in the world
You don't deserve him
I don't deserve him
I have talent and good looks
I'm more than enough for him to go back and forth a hundred times
When a man has no ability to earn money
Can't let his woman live
The days of fine clothes and jade food
He's a loser.
I'm so glad I left him early
Otherwise, I will be tied up in you for the rest of my life
Ah, how can I have a chance to sign this 200 million big order
Do you think this
200 million order was obtained
Why are you laughing?
Why don't you speak?
You got me right, right?
Nothing to say
I laugh if you're really that capable
I wouldn't have abandoned my husband and daughter
Finding the next one before getting divorced
A waste disability
The seed of a disabled waste
What are you two doing?
Do I block myself?
Liu Huanxin
Ben was your daughter
You can't insult him like that.
Loneliness doesn't eat to death
What's more, his daughter is now promising
Did you know he was just at the tryouts
Breaking the world record
Hahaha world record
That's a world record!
Then what is my son?
Up to now, you are still bragging
If he breaks the world record
That sow can climb trees
You are a waste
No money, no skills, you can't even pay the tuition
He's such a loser
How did he become a world champion?
Oh oh just because of his appetite like a pig?
Liu Huixin
You can't say Wenwen like that.
He really broke the world record.
Dead and crippled, less posturing here
Act like the real thing
He's just an edible piece of crap.
You can't become a genius if you reproduce it 300 times
The real genius is my son Aotian Chen
You are worlds apart
How can he be you trash and you turtle?
Compare correctly
Chen Aotian is the champion of Shen
But my grades were higher than his.
Better than him
Hey, bragging doesn't make drafts
He's a provincial champion.
Are you better than him?
So you're the world champion? Yes!